feat: replace options by optionsSchema (#57)
florian-lefebvre/astro-integration-kit: .changeset/shaggy-cows-judge.md

---
"astro-integration-kit": minor
---

> Removes `defineOptions` and adds a new `optionsSchema` argument to `defineIntegration`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Removes `defineOptions` and replaces the `options` argument with a new `optionsSchema` argument on `defineIntegration`
```

There is no mention that the previous argument was removed.
